salt: Ensure we do not have multi cidr for Control Plane with MetalLB (#3533)
scality/metalk8s: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix UI issues in multi nodes environment when a node
  is unavailable (PR[#3521](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3521))

## Bug fixes

- Manage Control Plane Ingress Virtual IP with MetalLB is not
  supported when you have multiple subnet in Control Plane

>   network, now it's properly checked

Author: Not 100% convinced about the sentence :smile: :thinking:

Reviewer: We usually document the change rather than the issue in this document, so maybe:

```suggestion
- Enforce a single subnet for control plane when using a
  MetalLB-managed VIP for Ingress
```

And maybe add a link to the relevant issue and/or discussions you had with the MetalLB guys when investigating this limitation.

Author: Ok fair,
For the link I'm not sure it's needed, we have the link to the PR that have a link to the ticket that talk about it, not sure we want to put the link to the ticket directly in the changelog
